Enough of this simple component usage why don't we add a router to create multi page single page application.
So still having a single page but giving the user the impression of having multiple you or else he can
navigate to.
For this I need to add routing to this app and for that I need a couple of components I can route you
so I'll add a count component and I will add a block component does add 2 new folders and then the block
component or remove the testing file.
I'll simply say a free block and maybe add a paragraph where I say this is block and then copy this
to the account component.
Remove the testing father too.
You could leave it there doesn't hurt but all move it.
Say the account in the template of the account component and say this is the account so that you can
see to be really switched a page.
Now we got a couple of components to work with no one to add routing and a quick and easy way of adding
routing us to go to the app module and here that is where we have to add or import a special module
provided by angler.
It's the router module which we don't need to import so router module but not from an Anglo core but
from an angler router Dismas a module giving us the routing functionality we need now.
This adds a module but it won't work like that.
We need to add some configuration and we do this with the for root method because we of course need
to inform the Anglo router about which routes we have in our app.
This now expects an array of routes and Watsa could find it here as an argument.
I'll put it in a ex-drug constant.
I'll name it.
App routes the name is up to you and this will be of type routes which needs to be imported from the
router to now routes simply isn't the array of objects like this and each object needs to have at least
a path to define.
When should this route be loaded.
So here I'll set up an empty path for my user component let's say.
So I'll add component and then user or component.
And you need to make sure that you have to import of this type.
Important these imports you are are a typescript feature angler doesn't care about them but typescript
needs to know where the stuff you're using so all the types or classes you're using here are actually
coming from.
That's important for the bundling and compilation later angler doesn't need dead for angler's does Engy
module here is important.
But now I added my user component as a first route for an empty path.
I'll add another pov here and I'll give this part of the let's say block and don't add a slash in front
of it.
This will actually break it.
It will be Flashblock in the end but you simply omit the slash.
So that's my blog and here I want to load up a large component and all these components are all very
important because I added this for me when we created them.
Now the third route I want to set up is the account route and here I want to load the account component
so these are the routes I want to set up.
Now I simply have to pass the routes to my router module and routes like this and no angler is aware
of them.
We now need a place for English to render them.
So here in the app component dad would be a fitting place.
So any year I want to add a special component or directive to be precise.
Angler gives us the router outlet.
It looks like the HD M.Tech it looks like a component.
It actually just is a directive.
Directives can use different types of selectors too.
And you don't have to use attribute selectors like we did before for you silence on which were all added
like attributes.
This is a directive which simply used to tax collector and distract the fast one chopt do it for the
router where it showed to render the currently loaded route.
So if I save this with any sort of still running UCM it looks like before but if I wisit slash block
we see the block and if a wizard slash account we see the account and notice we don't have a hash tag
in you or else we have is nicer or else of having slashes.
It does of course has implications for the server where this app runs on the server always needs to
return the sage HTML file.
Even in four or 4 cases since the you are Ellas parsed but answer first I did mench does.
In both the view and the re-act module that's a routing implemented but wouldn't it be nice to have
some links.
Let's work on this next.